the previous gold cup always repeated
alignment the only thing in the first
match to the second there was a player who
I was not in the first one I was a starter
as a tower roman that did not have the first
and appeared in the second appeared in the
second because
We were with Machado who was in
any party but I always thought
in the previous glass
I was suddenly making a change but it was
because for some reason
but always land nations is not what
same play the tie every two
months to war every four days a match
every week the same as the golden cup
I almost always repeat relationships when
we play very close matches like each
two months the player maybe today is
well within two months it 's fine
then there
if we change tournament thermometer almost
I always repeat neither
if the party was beyond that
we had
a man over
it was something balanced beyond
we had a little more the ball
that of Martinique but we were missing something
I thought we were missing something was missing
at that time and I think it was something of
freshness we do not take Alberto quintero a
a little worn because he had done
a great first part and I think it was the
just time to enter a
player like jairo who has young but
he has conditions and he has shown
in a built- in connection to be able
participate in a game as demanding as
the one who was playing here is that
and well you have to congratulate him because
frankly he sees me
it was what we had talked about afterwards
Mexico's game that victory was going to
be very important as long as it
considers an important result today the
team you have to congratulate it was delivered to
maximum work the whole party we knew
it was going to be difficult
kingfisher and that has a large selection
great players who play in big
teams also in European football
but Panama behaved very well played
seriously played with humility and demonstrate
between the field a complicated opponent in his
moment if we knew it was going to be
complicated we had seen the videos
of the cup of them in the Caribbean of what
individual who are like as as a team
and the collective if we know that it is a
strong team a caribbean team but
the team knew how to interpret that played very
come and thank God things are coming
coming out
is the
Music motivating the team
identifies a lot with the music too
we use it to clear the mind for
relax a little and good
fortunately always
we share with good music sings
merino gavilán
david you are the tournament's scorer by
now so say the three goals that
I have marked the ones I'm not happy anymore
that all not for the goals but because
the group deserves it as worked
well for for victory
well thank you let's get it to you
I dedicate what I say to God first
also to my whole family that knows what
do